#Game name: Tic Tac Toe
#Team memebers: Dawson and Ashley
#Client: Kennedy
#Date: 11/14/2024

#Brief Description - 
. Its genre has to do with strategy to problem solve the 
current game, a mind thinking skill that can develop the person's mind. 

. Its style will be a 4x4, with the colors of blue(x) and red(o), allowing only 2 
players to play.

. Its objective will be only allowing each player to have three 
tries either horizontal,vertical, and diagonal. Whoever wins will be able to 
claim a box. 


#The main goal of the game -
. To win a game one of the players should dominate at least 2 big boards, the 
player will claim the victory and the game will restart again.


#Functional Requirements - 
. The game will save progress and track scores for the players along the way 
organizing the process wihout any errors or misunderstanding. 

. The player will interact with the game by clicking on the screen controlling
the action on the game based on if the player is either X or O based on the
designed activity.


#Non-Functional Requirements - 
. Usability = The game will be designed easy to understand for the player not
causing any confusion

. Performance = The game will be performed by allowing two players and the 
load time might take a little bit of time to restart the game.

. Cross-Platform Compability = It can be platformed in any device


#Desigm Requirements - 

Graphic and Visuals =
.It would have a 4x4 grid
.There would be different sections where each player can play and move on to 
the next one
. When the player wins a specific box a huge X or O will appear whoever won
(Whole box will become blue(x) or red(o) along with the sign)
. Colors; Blue(x) , Red(o) , Black(grid outline)

#Audio - 
. The audio that will be used will be in common with the kahoot audio

#Data Requirements - 
. The data the needs to be tracked will be the player's progress
. It will be stored in-game memory

#Collaboration with Client - 
. To gather feedback from the client there would be a survey that will be provided
. We will ensure the game according to the client's need by working closely and
delivering the dedicated product to exceed the client's goal and adjust any
particular features when needed.